---
title: ELASTIC - Smart Mobility Systems
product-title: ELASTIC - Developing Edge to Cloud Architecture for Advanced Mobility Systems
image: elastic_tram.jpeg
---

SixSq is pleased to announce its involvement in the H2020 project [ELASTIC](https://elastic-project.eu/). The project’s main objective is to develop a novel software architecture to distribute computational resources from edge to cloud. The ELASTIC software architecture will form the technological basis for **advanced mobility systems** and **autonomous transport networks**.

The project includes the development of a use case, focusing on the tram network of Florence (Italy). The creation of a new elasticity concept will ensure the smooth performance of the software architecture across the compute continuum. The ELASTIC architecture will be capable of executing extreme-scale big-data workloads with multiple requirements, such as real time, energy efficiency and security.

Marc-Elian Bégin, SixSq CEO said _“ELASTIC will create a unique **real-life lab for autonomous vehicles**. It is an amazing opportunity to advance our **edge-to-cloud** and **edge-to-edge** products and services, with leading European partners.”_

The main use-case of the project is a sensorised infrastructure that will be deployed across the tram network of Florence (Italy). The data generated by the tram network and the trams themselves will be collected and processed using a mix of technologies including heterogeneous sensors, V2X connectivity and cloud resources.

The project is set in the context of fog computing, an extended version of cloud computing to the network edge, making it suitable for internet of things (IoT) and applications that require real-time capabilities and the processing of **Big Data**.

**About ELASTIC**

ELASTIC (A Software Architecture for Extreme-ScaLe Big-Data AnalyticS in Fog CompuTIng ECosystems) is a European funded project under the grant agreement number 825473, with a budget of €5.9 million. The project started on 1 December 2018 and lasts for 3 years. Coordinated by BSC, the project brings together a multidisciplinary consortium of stakeholders from smart mobility and research domain sectors: 
- Barcelona Supercomputing Center  (Spain)
- Ikerlan (Spain)
- Instituto Superior da Engenharia do Porto (Portugal) 
- Information Catalyst (UK)
- SixSq (Switzerland)
- Thales TRT (France) 
- Thales Italia (Italy)
- Gestione ed Esercizio del Sistema Tranviario (Italy)  
- Città Metropolitana di Firenze (Italy).

For more information on the project, visit the [ELASTIC website](https://elastic-project.eu/).

For more information on edge and cloud computing, take a look at our [blog](https://media.sixsq.com/blog).