---
title: Nuvla Terms &amp; Conditions
product-title: Nuvla Terms &amp; Conditions
product-description: This agreement describes the general terms and conditions for the Nuvla Platform services and apply to all Users of the Platform.
image: logo-nuvla-io.png
redirect_from:
  - /terms/general-terms
  - /terms/tou
  - /terms/tos
---

[History](https://github.com/SixSq/sixsq.github.io/commits/main/_legal/legal-general-terms-and-conditions.md)

**1\.	Subject**

SixSq makes available to the public a platform called Nuvla accessible via the URL [https://nuvla.io/ui](https://nuvla.io/ui) (the "Platform"), which is designed to bring together customers (the "Purchasers") and sellers (the "Vendors").
The purpose of these General Terms and Conditions of Use (the "T&C") is to define the terms and conditions of use of the Platform. 

These T&C are accessible at any time on the website [https://nuvla.io](https://nuvla.io) (the "Website") and shall prevail, as the case may be, over any other version or any other contradictory document, including terms agreed between Vendors and Purchasers.

**2\.	Definitions**

- **Account** means the account that must be created in order to become a User and access certain services offered by the Platform;
- **Application**, also referred to as **App**, means a set of information enabling the Platform to deploy software on the User's IT infrastructure;
- **Credential**: mechanism used to authenticate with Nuvla (e.g. Web User Interface or API);
- **Credit** means a positive monetary value added to a Purchaser's Account that will be debited as consumption occurs. Credits can be time limited and restricted to specific products (e.g. Edge Device management, specific Application).
- **Coupon** means a numeric code, generated by the Platform Operator and recognised by the Platform, allowing a User to have its invoice reduced by a certain amount or percentage;
- **Edge Device** means a computer, server or virtual machine running the SixSq NuvlaEdge software and connected to the Platform;
- **Group** means a resource on the Platform that allows multiple Users to collaborate.
- **Payment Service** means the payment service integrated into the Platform;
- **Purchaser** refers to a User of the Platform that owns a valid Subscription allowing him/her to use paying services provided by the Platform. These can be, for example: deploy and manage Apps offered by the Vendors, or deploy and manage Edge Devices. Purchasers can grant access to his/her Subscription to normal Users via Groups;
- **Plan** (or **Subscription Plan**) means a purchased item allowing the Purchaser to have a discount on his/her management fees for Edge Devices (similar to a volume discount).
- **Platform** means the Nuvla platform accessible at [https://nuvla.io](https://nuvla.io);
- **Platform Operator** means SixSq operating the Platform;
- **Subscription** means a configuration that allows Nuvla to invoice the Purchaser. This can be via a payment method (e.g. credit card, SEPA authorised bank transfer) or an agreement for the Platform Operator to invoice the Purchaser directly or his/her financial department;
- **T&C** means these Terms and Conditions of Use;
- **User** refers to any person who has created an Account on the Platform;
- **Vendor** refers to User or Group making Apps available on the Platform for the purpose of being deployed by Purchasers and Users;
- **Website** means the website accessible at [https://sixsq.com](https://sixsq.com).


**3\.	Independence of the parties**

SixSq acts only as a platform operator and does not intervene in any way in the contractual relationship that may be formed between Purchasers and Vendors.

Each User of the Platform thus acts on his or her own behalf, in such a way that SixSq cannot be considered as an agent with respect to them. These T&C do not constitute an association, a joint venture, a franchise, a partnership, a subordinate relationship or a mandate given by Users to SixSq.   

**4\.	Acceptance**

Users of the Platform agree to comply with and be bound by the provisions of these T&c. Users of the Platform acknowledge that they have read these T&C and expressly accept them, without reservation and/or modification of any kind whatsoever. 

This acceptance is materialised by a checkbox on the registration form when creating an Account, or the confirmation of acceptance of an invitation to create an Account, on the Platform.

Any use of the Platform in violation of these T&C is subject to civil and criminal penalties.

**5\.	Modification of the General Terms of Use**

The Platform Operator reserves the right to modify, at any time and without prior notice, all or part of these T&C. Any modification of these T&C will be published on the Website.

Modifications to these T&C are binding on users of the Platform from the time they are posted on the Website. Consequently, it is the responsibility of Users to regularly refer to the latest version of the T&C available on the Website [https://sixsq.com/legal/legal-general-terms-and-conditions.html](https://sixsq.com/legal/legal-general-terms-and-conditions.html).

**6\.	Registration to the Platform**

**6\.1\.	Conditions of registration to the Platform**

Where registration on the Platform is made on behalf of and under the name of a legal entity, the person carrying out the registration procedure declares and guarantees that he or she has the capacity, power and authority to act and conclude in the name and on behalf of the said legal entity.

In any event, registration on the Platform may only be made by a natural person aged 18 or over. Any registration on the Platform by a minor is strictly forbidden. By accessing, using or registering on the Platform, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older.

**6\.2\.	Opening the Account**

The Platform allows Users to deploy, manage and update cloud and edge Applications. The platform also allows users to manage Edge Devices (e.g. computers, servers, virtual machines). The Platform also allows edge and cloud Applications to be sold and purchased on a pay-as-you go basis, with and without a Subscription Plan. Finally, the Platform offers a range of tools to secure the use of the Platform.

To create an Account, you must fill out the activation form available on the Platform, and choose your identifiers by entering a valid user email. Any incomplete or erroneous registration request will not be validated.

To register on the Platform, you must have read and accepted these T&C.

When creating his/her Account, regardless of the method chosen to do so, the User guarantees to provide accurate, up-to-date and complete information during the registration process and undertakes to update said information in order to preserve its accuracy, relevance and completeness at all times.

The User undertakes, where applicable, to keep the password chosen when creating his/her Account secret and not to communicate it to anyone. In the event of loss or disclosure of the password, the User undertakes to inform the Platform Operator immediately. The User is solely responsible for the use made of his/her Account by a third party, as long as he/she has not expressly notified the Platform Operator of the loss, fraudulent use by a third party or disclosure of his/her password to a third party.

The User undertakes not to create or use, under his/her own identity or that of a third party, any Accounts other than the one he/she initially created. API Credentials can be created by a User (see 6.6). 

**6\.3\.	Account suspension and termination**

The Platform Operator reserves the right to:

- verify the information provided by any means,
- suspend or terminate an Account and access to the Platform if the User does not comply with these T&C, or if any information provided during the registration process, or thereafter, proves to be inaccurate, fraudulent, obsolete or incomplete, or otherwise violates these T&C or the rights of third parties.

You may terminate your Account at any time without additional charge and without cause. To do so, simply notify the Platform Operator's support department by email at [support@sixsq.com](mailto:support@sixsq.com).

**6\.4\.	Securing user accounts**

Nuvla provides optional security features, such as two-factor authentication.  It is the responsibility of each User to choose the appropriate method of securing his/her Account.

In the case where a User organisation requires the Platform Operator to enable its own single sign on (SSO) in Nuvla, it is the responsibility of the User organisation to ensure the SSO method is secure.

**6\.5\.	Compromised account**

In the case where his/her Account would become compromised, or suspected of being compromised, the User must inform the Platform Operator urgently, via email and or in-app widget. 

**6\.6\.	API Credentials**

Users can create dedicated Credentials to use the Nuvla API. Any such Credentials created by a User remains his/her soul responsibility.


**7\.	Use of the Platform**

Users must have a valid and active Account. The Platform allows Vendors to offer edge and cloud Applications. Purchasers and Users can purchase edge and cloud Applications by deploying these Applications on their Edge Device and/or cloud infrastructure.

Users can create Groups, which allows the sharing of different resources with other Users. 

Users that are not also Purchasers (aka have a valid Subscription) must be member of a Group owned by a Purchaser and switch to that Group to use paying services (e.g. Edge Device and App).

When a Purchaser associates a Subscription (with or without a Payment Method) to a Group, the Purchaser is then responsible for all purchases made by Users in the Group, when acting as members of the Group.

Users can be both Vendors and Purchasers.

All actions performed by a User when switched to a Group remains associated to the User for audit purposes.


**8\.	Financial Conditions**

**8\.1\. Consumption and Billing Follow-up**

The Platform regularly measures the consumption of each User and calculates the corresponding and applicable price. The calculation is normally carried out daily and invoices issued monthly. Invoices are then sent to the corresponding Purchaser. Once the payment is received, the Payment Service distributes the corresponding remuneration. App Vendors receive their fees minus the commission for the Platform. This commission is normally 20%, which includes the commission for the Payment Service. The Platform operator receives the management fees for Edge Devices.

A different commission structure can be applied when the Platform paying services are delivered via a channel agreement.  In this case, a separate agreement applies. (TBC) 



**8\.2. Invoices and Payments**

Purchasers receive their invoices by email and can consult them on the Platform. Invoices must be paid on time, normally within 14 days, unless agreed in writing by the Platform Operator.

Pay-as-you-go invoices are produced and sent on a monthly basis. Subscription plan invoices are produced and sent at the start of the period (normally yearly). For example, a Edge Device Subscription Plan (e.g. Rocket or Solar System) will be invoiced at purchase time. Such a plan grants Purchasers access to discounted Edge Device management services, which will be metered and invoiced monthly, in arrears.

By default, automated payment with a Stripe supported payment method is preferred. Manual invoices can be arranged, at the discretion of the Platform Operator. 


**8\.3\. Unpaid Invoices**

In the event that an invoice is unpaid, the Platform may block the User's Account or limit the available functionality of the Platform. After 30 days, the resources associated to the User or Group can be deleted by the Platform Operator.

**8\.4\. Financial conditions for Vendors**

The Vendor must provide the necessary information to be able to receive payments from the Platform's Payment Service, including the creation of a Stripe account.

The Vendor shall define the monthly fee for each Application that he/she offers on the Platform.

The Vendor cannot sell to Purchasers Applications outside the Platform.

**8\.5\. Financial conditions for the Platform**

The Platform can offer paid services, such as subscription plans and pay-as-you go fees for Edge Device management. Prices for these services are available on the Website for Edge Devices and in the Platform for each paying App.

**9\.	Payment Service**

The Platform uses and integrates Stripe online payment services, including the Stripe Connect service. The Stripe T&C apply to Users of the Platform ([https://stripe.com/en-ch/ssa](https://stripe.com/en-ch/ssa)). Purchasers must register on the Platform a payment method supported by Stripe (e.g. credit card, bank account with SEPA).

Alternatively, Purchasers can request from the Platform Operator to be allowed to pay on invoice.

**10\.	Coupons & Credits**

The Platform Operator may, from time to time, offer Coupons to Vendors. These Coupons allow Vendors to offer Purchasers free discounts on their invoices for marketing and promotional purposes. These Coupons are generally single-use, time-limited and only associated with a single Application. It is the Vendor's responsibility to notify the Platform Operator of any lost Coupons as soon as possible. These Coupons reduce a Purchaser's invoice either by a nominal value (the invoice cannot be negative following the Application of a Coupon) or by a percentage. The Coupon must be applied by the User when deploying an Application corresponding to the Coupon using the Platform.

The Platform Operator may, from time to time, offer Credits to Purchasers. These Credits are generally single-use, time-limited and can be associated with a single Application.  These Credits reduce a Purchaser's invoice by a nominal value (the invoice cannot be negative following the Application of a Credit).


**11\.	App Vendor Support**

Users experiencing difficulties with deployed apps can request support either from the Platform Operator or the App Vendor directly.

In the case where the Platform Operator support estimates that the incident belongs to the App Vendor, it will close the ticket and invite the User to contact the App Vendor's support service. In this case, the T&C of the App Vendor apply.


**12\.	Cancellation Policy**

The User may terminate his/her Account at any time by sending an email to [support@sixsq.com](mailto:support@sixsq.com). In this case, the Platform will issue a closing invoice that the User must pay within the time limit. Any resources associated with the User's Account will be destroyed.

Subscription Plans are non-refundable.

**13\.	Personal Data**

As part of your use of the Platform, we may collect and process some of your personal data in order to enable the Platform Operator to ensure the use of the Platform by Users. 

With regard to the personal data submitted by Users to the Platform Operator, which are recorded and processed, the Platform Operator undertakes to comply with the Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (“GDPR”) including any amendment thereof and the relevant Swiss legislation on data protection, and as further described in the Platform Operator’s privacy policy available on Website. [https://sixsq.com/legal/legal-privacy-policy](https://sixsq.com/legal/legal-privacy-policy)

The Platform Operator shall take appropriate technical and organisational measures against unauthorised or unlawful processing of Users’s data or its accidental loss, destruction or damage. However, under no circumstances shall the Platform Operator be held responsible for any such unauthorised or unlawful processing of User’s data or its accidental loss, destruction or damage.

By using the Platform and registering as a User, you acknowledge and agree to the processing of your personal data by the Platform Operator in accordance with applicable law.

Any User of the Platform has, in accordance with the national and European regulations in force, a permanent right of access, modification, rectification, opposition to portability and limitation of processing with regard to the information concerning him/her. The User may exercise this right by sending an e-mail to [support@sixsq.com](mailto:support@sixsq.com) or a letter addressed to the company at SixSq, 267 Route de Meyrin, 1217 Meyrin, Geneva, Switzerland, stating his or her full details (first and last name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and specifying the subject of the e-mail or letter).

**14\.	Intellectual Property**

Subject to the content provided by its Users, the content of the Platform and Website are the property of SixSq and are protected by Swiss and international intellectual property laws.

Any total or partial reproduction of this content is strictly prohibited and may constitute an infringement of copyright.

**14\.1\. Vendors T&C**

Vendors must specify T&C for each paying App register on the Platform. These terms defines the expectations between them and Users of their App.  These T&C cannot void Nuvla T&C, unless provided by the Platform Operator in writing.

The Platform Operator provides default T&C that the Vendor can adopt if he/she does not have their own.  These terms are available here: https://sixsq.com/legal/generic-apps-license.html.

**14\.2\. Nuvla Protection**

It is not allowed for a User to circumvent the Platform by deploying Apps manually.  For example, blocking telemetry flow (which Nuvla uses to determine how many Edge Devices are connected and which App is running where) to circumvent metering is not allowed.

Any action (allowed or not by the Platform) which would have the goal or the effect of avoiding fees is forbidden.


**14\.3\. Vendors Intellectual Property Protection**

It is forbidden to attempt to steal the Intellectual Property of Vendors.  

Note to Logan and Partners: 

While Nuvla includes some protection, a hacker will be able to steal the vendor’s IP and deploy it without Nuvla.  It must be clear that these are not allowed.  What should be the penalty?

Therefore, it is forbidden to copy, or reverse engineer apps. Vendor apps can only be used via the Platform, unless a written agreement is provided by the vendor to the user. 

Add point on App Vendor IP protection:
- User shall not attempt to circumvent the Nuvla eco-system to gain access to apps he/she is not the author of.
- This shall include, but not limited to: copying the Docker images of apps, deploying apps outside the Nuvla eco-system, deploying apps in such a way that it is not metered, and therefore invoiced, by Nuvla.
- Any action (allowed or not by the system) which would have the goal or the effect of avoiding fees is forbidden.


**15\. Service Level Agreement (SLA)**

Users purchase or subscribe to a level of service when using the Platform. Several SLAs are available. By default, the *Bronze Service Level Agreement* applies if none other are purchased separately. The Bronze SLA includes:

  - 24 hours a day and 7 days a week automated monitoring of the Platform;
  - Human support service available during normal working days, Geneva (Paris, Berlin) timezone from 9:00 - 17:00;
  - The human support service is not available during official public holidays in Geneva;
  - Users must report serious issues to the Platform Operator by sending an email to [support@sixsq.com](mailto:support@sixsq.com) or using the Platform in-app chat.

The Platform Operator shall use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Platform available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and according to the corresponding Services pledged availability, except for:

  - Planned downtime and maintenance events;
  - Force Majeure Events;
  - Unavailability of the the Platform Operator websites (e.g. docs.sixsq.com, sixsq.com);
  - Failures or malfunctions in any Vendor or User software, equipment or technology;
  - If the User is in breach of these terms, including but not limited to its payment obligations against the Platform and the use of the Platform; and/or
  - Catastrophic failure of the public cloud infrastructure the Platform relies on.

The Platform shall deliver the following availability:

  - Nuvla API and User Interface: 99.5% annual availability (i.e. 365 days minus 1d 19h 49m)
  - VPN Service: 99% annual availability (i.e. 365 days minus 3d 15h 39m 29s)
  - Other Services: best effort, unless specified in writing by the Platform Operator
  
The Platform Operator provides no SLA whatsoever for the Apps provided by Vendors and deployed by the User (see 13).

**16\.	Partial Nullity**

If one or more stipulations herein are held to be invalid or declared as such pursuant to a law, regulation or final decision of a competent jurisdiction, the other stipulations shall retain their full force and scope.

**17\.	Applicable Law**

The present T&C and the operations resulting therefrom are governed by Swiss law and the Geneva Court.
They are written in English. In the event that they are translated into one or more languages, only the English text shall be authentic in the event of claims.

**18\.	Identification - Contact**

Our contact information is as follows:

- Company: SixSq
- Registered office address: 267 Route de Meyrin, 1217 Meyrin, Geneva, Switzerland
- VAT number: CHE-113.788.438 VAT
- E-mail: support@sixsq.com
{: style="list-style: none;"}

**19\.	Claims**

Any claims relating to the interpretation and/or execution of these T&C shall be subject to Swiss jurisdiction in Geneva.

Claims should be addressed to [claims@sixsq.com](mailto:claims@sixsq.com).
